= thewalters-ruby

A Ruby gem for communicating with {The Walters API}[http://api.thewalters.org/help/index].

== Install

Via rubygems.org:

  gem install thewalters

Via bundler in a Gemfile:

  gem "thewalters"

== Accessing the REST API

  require 'thewalters'

  objects = TheWalters::ArtObject.all
  object = TheWalters::ArtObject.find(objects.first.id)

+all+ returns an array of ruby objects, each object has all the API attributes on it. +find+ returns
a single ruby object.

See The Walters API at http://api.thewalters.org/help/index for up-to-date documentation.

== Contributing to thewalters-ruby

This is a very immature project, and I need your help! The goal is to have a fully-featured
API client available for attendees of {ArtBytes 2014}[http://www.eventbrite.com/e/art-bytes-at-the-walters-tickets-9534980383].

=== Things that need to be done
* Add more endpoints
* Implement parameter passing to the endpoints
* Add more tests

=== Do's and Don'ts
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Julian. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

